CNS More Datasette 10/08/25
I think some of the results made sense while others for most part didnt, some of the words the chat generated were very lengthy, it gave too many options and some of the words were just too unique that some people may never look up that specific word. Surprisingly there were no patterns, there was no organization from the chats answers. Which I found interesting because it was usuing a language model, but it was clearly not continuing the conversation. There were a few things I didnt like, one of those things included every single story in the chespeake bay tag having the key word chesapeke in it. I just thought that it took away from saying what the story was about because chesapeke was clearly already in that tag. 


The semantic search tool was a tool that I really enjoyed. I thought it was veery neat and interesting tool, that could apply similarity to all of the stories that realted to Annapolis. Intially I didnt think that this would be that useful, but I see a lot of uses for this potentially as far as uploading documents and parsing them. I tried the words budget and then I tried the word sports as well to see what type of stories I would get. I liked that it did show me the 2 budjet stories that it had tagged in the cateogory, however what was concering was the similarity rate. Both of these stories had a similiarty to the word of about .2% which was odd and when my proffesor ran "fiscial policy" the same two stories popped up but his similarity was .3% and I found that interestings. However for the most part the responses made sense, the further one was away from the topic the lower the similarity rate. Intially I was very suprised at the volume of sports stories, however when remembering that this was cns I wasnt too suprised. 